go home Xbox one you're drunk those at
me or does it feel like every time
Microsoft tries to justify the Xbox one
they just end up putting their foot in
their mouth and further kicking the
angry hornet's nest of disgruntled
gamers it all started back before
Microsoft officially unveiled their
console in April when former Microsoft
Studios creative director Adam orth
tweeted about how he thought always
online was wonderful and how he would
never live in a place that didn't have
decent internet classic internet rage in
Sudan Dorothy's Twitter antics resulted
in him leaving the company fast forward
to a couple of weeks before e3 where
microsoft reveals that their new Wonder
console is really just a fancy cable box
that can kind of play games and Call of
Duty plus dogs q more internet rage then
III rolls around and microsoft says the
xbox one will cost 500 bucks and needs
an always-online connection to function
properly the internet rages again
so Xbox Chief Don Mattrick responded to
the anger by saying this fortunately we
have a product for people who aren't
able to get some form of connectivity
it's called Xbox 360 really Don really
but he didn't stop there he went on
Bloomberg TV to defend the xbox one's
price by saying that the xbox one was
quote over delivering value against
other choices and that quote when you
look at it 499 isn't a ridiculous price
point we're delivering thousands of
dollars of value to people yep thousands
of dollars of value if you love having
to keep your cable subscription hate
renting or buying used games and want to
connect watching you at all times look
Microsoft I get it you one last
generation handling but learn from
history remember Sony during the PS two
days they were riding high nothing could
stop them then they went to e3 and
announced that the ps3 would be five
hundred dollars and made similar claims
to how great their overpriced system was
even telling disgruntled gamers that
they should quote work more hours to buy
one history is repeating itself here and
in order for Microsoft to hold onto the
gamers they gained with 360 they need to
just shut up for a couple of weeks and
let the dust settle at least both Sony
and Microsoft let us know that the new
games at retail aren't going to be more
expensive this console cycle staying at
the 59 99 dollar retail price point
though download prices have yet to be
revealed and are rumored to be less
expensive so what do you guys think has
microsoft lost the next-gen battle
before it even begins or can they turn
it around by dialing back some of this
Orwellian BS let me know in the comments
below and like always if you haven't
already please subscribe to the channel
for TF Adams got broadly saying there's
a reason i pre-ordered a ps4 not an xbox
one because octodad dadliest catch